# byte_me
This is for the group with Lazaro, Jacob, and Raul
Our current workflow is that we work in our own local branches.

We will pull request for peer review between the 3 of us and review those changes during scheduled meetings. Each week we will talk over Discord to discuss progress and any development obstacles. Each member will push there own version and then we will all decide which version is the best. That version will be noted with the tag "Proj 3 Design and UI"

We will communicate all project updates via discord, and any time problems will occur that will be our primary communication method.
We agreed on the same package names in order to stremline our development. 

